# Community Guidelines

### Things you should take into consideration!

**Be welcoming and open-minded** - Other collaborators may not have the same experience level or background as you, but that doesn't mean they don't have good ideas to contribute. We encourage you to be welcoming to new collaborators and those just getting started. We value, encourage all types of contributions. We don’t assume you can contribute for free, we respect and thank.

**Be honest -** Being honest helps you to move to a better consensus building. So Be honest about who you are, what you do, and how you want to do it. Dishonesty is not only damaging to you but to all other community members and their valuable contributions. Don’t be the one bringing mistrust into this community.

**Be Kind -** We value caring for others. Demonstrating we care for people provides an effective framework for challenging directly and delivering feedback.  We're all for accurate assessment, but we think it must be done in a kind way. Give as much positive feedback as you can, and do it in a public way.

**Be considerate** - Your work will be used by other people, and you in turn will depend on the work of others. Any decision you take will affect the users and the contributors working on a particular project, So you should keep those consequences in mind while making any decision.

**Be collaborative -** Codeuino community has various projects which work on the basis of working together and collaboration. So Collaboration is an essential part for us. Collaboration between teams that each user has their own goal and vision which is essential; for the whole to be more than the sum of its parts, each part must make an effort to understand the whole.

**Be thoughtful and stick to topic -** The Codeuino community is the house of social networking projects. So being a social networking community it fulfills social needs to interact with people around the globe. So off-topic comments are sometimes unproductive while collaborating. Staying on topic helps produce positive and productive discussions. Additionally, communicating with strangers on the Internet can be difficult. It's hard to convey or read tone, and sarcasm is frequently misunderstood. Try to use clear language, and think about how it will be received by the other person.

**Be apologize** - If you made a mistake, apologize as soon as possible. Saying sorry is not a sign of weakness but one of strength. The people that do the most work will likely make the most mistakes. Additionally, when we share our mistakes and bring attention to them, others can learn from us, and the same mistake is less likely to be repeated by someone else. Mistakes can include when you have not been kind to someone. In order to reinforce our values, it is important, and takes more courage, to apologize publicly when you have been unkind publicly \(e.g., when you have said something unkind or unprofessional to an individual or group in a Slack channel\).

**Be helpful -** Keep an eye out for others who may be struggling or stuck. If you see someone who needs help, reach out and assist, or connect them with someone else who can provide expertise or assistance. We succeed and shine together!

### Things that are not allowed!

{% hint style="info" %}
**NOTE:** This is to let you know that the below context has been taken from the [**GitHub community guidelines**](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/github-community-guidelines#what-is-not-allowed) ****which are under ****[**CC0 1.0 license**](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)\*\*\*\*
{% endhint %}

* **Threats of violence** - You may not threaten violence towards others or use the site to organize, promote, or incite acts of real-world violence or terrorism. Think carefully about the words you use, the images you post, and even the software you write, and how they may be interpreted by others. Even if you mean something as a joke, it might not be received that way. If you think that someone else _might_ interpret the content you post as a threat, or as promoting violence or terrorism, stop. Don't post it anywhere. In extraordinary cases, we may report threats of violence to law enforcement if we think there may be a genuine risk of physical harm or a threat to public safety.
* **Hate speech and discrimination** - While it is not forbidden to broach topics such as age, body size, disability, ethnicity, gender identity and expression, level of experience, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation, we do not tolerate speech that attacks a person or group of people on the basis of who they are. Just realize that when approached in an aggressive or insulting manner, these \(and other\) sensitive topics can make others feel unwelcome, or perhaps even unsafe. While there's always the potential for misunderstandings, we expect our community members to remain respectful and civil when discussing sensitive topics.
* **Bullying and harassment** - We do not tolerate bullying or harassment. This means any habitual badgering or intimidation targeted at a specific person or group of people. In general, if your actions are unwanted and you continue to engage in them, there's a good chance you are headed into bullying or harassment territory.
* **Impersonation** - You may not seek to mislead others as to your identity by copying another person's avatar, posting content under their email address, using a similar username, or otherwise posing as someone else. An Impersonation is a form of harassment.
* **Doxxing and invasion of privacy** - Don't post other people's personal information, such as phone numbers, private email addresses, physical addresses, credit card numbers, Social Security/National Identity numbers, or passwords. Depending on the context, such as in the case of intimidation or harassment, we may consider other information, such as photos or videos that were taken or distributed without the subject's consent, to be an invasion of privacy, especially when such material presents a safety risk to the subject.
* **Sexually obscene content** - Don’t post content that is pornographic. This does not mean that all nudity, or all code and content related to sexuality, is prohibited. We recognize that sexuality is a part of life and non-pornographic sexual content may be a part of your project, or may be presented for educational or artistic purposes. We do not allow obscene sexual content or content that may involve the exploitation or sexualization of minors.
* **Gratuitously violent content** - Don’t post violent images, text, or other content without reasonable context or warnings. While it's often okay to include violent content in video games, news reports, and descriptions of historical events, we do not allow violent content that is posted indiscriminately, or that is posted in a way that makes it difficult for other users to avoid \(such as a profile avatar or an issue comment\). A clear warning or disclaimer in other contexts helps users make an educated decision as to whether or not they want to engage with such content.
* **Misinformation and disinformation** - You may not post content that presents a distorted view of reality, whether it is inaccurate or false \(misinformation\) or is intentionally deceptive \(disinformation\) because such content is likely to result in harm to the public or to interfere with fair and equal opportunities for all to participate in public life. For example, we do not allow content that may put the well-being of groups of people at risk or limit their ability to take part in a free and open society. We encourage active participation in the expression of ideas, perspectives, and experiences and may not be in a position to dispute personal accounts or observations. We generally allow parody and satire that is in line with our Acceptable Use Polices, and we consider context to be important in how information is received and understood; therefore, it may be appropriate to clarify your intentions via disclaimers or other means, as well as the source\(s\) of your information.
* **Active malware or exploits** - Being part of a community includes not taking advantage of other members of the community. We do not allow anyone to use our platform for exploit delivery, such as using GitHub as a means to deliver malicious executables, or as attack infrastructure, for example by organizing denial of service attacks or managing command and control servers. Note, however, that we do not prohibit the posting of source code which could be used to develop malware or exploits, as the publication and distribution of such source code has educational value and provides a net benefit to the security community.

